in 2003 a movie came out that impacted
millions swept up the awards and to this
day is a cultural movement that spreads
from conventions to private gatherings
that movie is of course the room not
that student film of a drama that tried
to ride off of sir widows vision but the
most authentic drama of all time very
view people can produce write direct and
star in their own masterpieces but Tommy
Oh Tommy ain't normal people literally I
think is an alien in it he plays Johnny
who's a banker and also just Johnny Lisa
is this girl and also just Lisa Greg is
Johnny's best friend as well as Greg and
then Danny is the creepiest version of
Roger from Sister Sister mixed with
Kimmy Gibbler and a Johnny Wonka haircut
thing is with the movie that Johnny is
that straight dude who tries to help
everyone else but they just keep
screwing him over he pays for Denny's
tuition thanks for paying my tuition and
yet Danielle's drug money where's my
money mark is his best friend
I'm so happy I have you as my best
friend and he takes his girl who he
would do anything for anything for my
princess but yet she betrays him and
starts spreading all of these lies and
he hit me now as compelling as all of
that is the real mysteries come with all
the side plot lines like well the
grandmas breast cancer go away first or
attitude do these to sneak and freak in
other people's houses to will Peter ever
give football another chance will doggy
get his own spin-off movie well Johnny
shoots himself so we'll never find out
but maybe just maybe the disaster artist
can add a little to the legacy
besides being Franco's attempt to go
back to the Oscars after posting it on
Molly it's also a love letter to the
phenomenon that is the room for those
who have never gone to the midnight
screenings where they throw spoons at
the screen every time you see the frame
spoons in the backgrounds or those who
are just watching this video because
they don't get the cult status this
movie pretty much covers what made it so
bad that it's good that it's a story
about two friends who had something to
prove that started to drift and Johnny
felt betrayed because of that a story
about a dude who wanted to prove to the
world
and he can make his own movie and follow
his dream even if they doubted him a
dude who put himself out there and even
though they laughed at his vision he had
the final laugh and laughed with them no
one knows where he got his money
no one knows where he was incepted what
year he was created or how he plans to
take over the world but all of those are
irrelevant questions compared to the
true life defining ones that only a
being like Tommy Rizzo is willing to ask
anyway how is your sex life thank you
guys for checking out this video I know
a lot of people talk about the room but
honestly it's one of those things where
if you've seen and maybe you didn't like
it I saw it like once maybe twice by the
third time I thought that thing was a
masterpiece and the disaster artist I
think is a movie that I think a lot of
people should be checking out I think
the message in it is really good I don't
think that your boy deserves to get an
Oscar nomination like a lot of people
are saying because Tommy was those
impersonation Tommy who's those acts and
time ago serves vibe and something that
you just can't replicate other than that
don't forget to let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section comments like subscribe and
share this video and I will pick one of
you and send you a limited edition
Tommy's world football